Jinky: Hi, my name is Jinky. How may I help you?
stephen c lane: Hi Jinky.  i have a basic package just for my DNS name. I am experimenting with some AWS work so my site will be on AWS.   I don't have the email package either.  i tried to create an SSL certificate on AWS which gave me two options to validate I own the DNS.   1) I could enter a CNAME value with some details or 2) I t could email me at. admin@mydomain.....   
stephen c lane: i created the CNAME thing but then I noted it said "You are currently using a third-party nameserver provider to manage your DNS. Advanced DNS changes will not take effect unless you use Fasthosts' nameservers."
Jinky: Hello Stephen, I hope you are doing fine today.
stephen c lane: however it currently says "DNS Changes Pending
Changes made to Advanced DNS Records for your domain may take up to 24 hours to take effect."
Jinky: Thanks for reaching us out about this. To further check, may I know what's the domain name you are referring to?
stephen c lane: www.surepol.com
Jinky: Can you also confirm the package you have with us?
stephen c lane: i think its just basic domain name only
stephen c lane: so all i want is to be able to redirect my domain name to my aws load balancer but I believe I need to create a signed SSL which requires me to prove I am the owner of the domain name. i made the change in CNAME under advanced settings but I'm not clear from the dashboard if that will work as it says. Advanced DNS changes will not take affect unless you use fasthosts nameservers
Jinky: I see, I checked your surepol.com domain name Stephen and I can see the nameservers for surepol.com is already pointing to these details below:

Name Servers
ns-1108.awsdns-10.org
205.251.196.84
ns-1924.awsdns-48.co.uk
205.251.199.132
ns-39.awsdns-04.com
205.251.192.39
ns-822.awsdns-38.net
205.251.195.54

Which means, AWS now handles the advance DNS of your domain name. I suggest to add the CNAME record to your AWS account
Jinky: You will need to add your CNAME record to your AWS account Stephen. It won't work if you add Any DNS records for surepol.com in your Fasthosts account because we are not your nameserver provider.
stephen c lane: ok i did that. so i guess its just a case of waiting longer then
Jinky: Your Email forwarder didn't work because your DNS were misconfigured. It will also work if you will add this DNS to your AWS account for surepol.com:


A record
hostname: www
points to: 88.208.252.9

A record
hostname: @
points to:  88.208.252.9
Jinky: Yes Stephen, likely it will take 24 to 48 hours for changes to completely take effect.
stephen c lane: ok. thanks Jinky. 
Jinky: You're welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you today?
Jinky: I am glad that I was able to help you with your query.
Jinky:
Before this chat ends, I would be very grateful if you leave us a review, and mention my name "Jinky" on how I helped you today.

Visit this link to leave a review: https://www.trustpilot.com/evaluate/fasthosts.co.uk


stephen c lane: just so i understand one last thing.  I'm not entirely sure what it means that you are not my name server provider. i may have changed something by mistake as not really clear what name server provider means
stephen c lane: what i want to achieve is have you own my DNS name www.surepol.com.   but not host my site as this will be on AWS. I'm not using Route53.  i just thought I could change my DNS to redirect to my AWS load balancer address -   does this scenario mean you should remain as my name server provider ?
Jinky: Your nameserver provider for surepol.com is pointing to AWS. This means, AWS handles the advance DNS of surepol.com, which also means, any DNS records you're gonna add for this domain name must be added inside your AWS account Stephen
stephen c lane: ok. think i understand. i think maybe i should rever them back to you. i saw an option to do that.  thanks
Jinky: I see that's great Stephen :) Yep you can point it back to us so that we can be your nameserver provider for surepol.com 
stephen c lane: thanks jinky. will write reveiw now. cheers
Jinky: Thankyou Stephen :) I really appreciate that.
Jinky: It was a pleasure chatting with you, Stephen. Thank you for contacting Fasthosts :) Goodbye
